Go! Go!
We need to find cover.
-
Hunter!
Omega--
Status report.
The cities have been destroyed, sir.
All Kaminoan facilities have collapsed
into the sea.
Very good.
Rendezvous with the fleet.
Omega?
Omega, wake up!
Hmm? AZI?
I do not wish to alarm you,
but if you do not vacate this compartment,
you will soon perish,
and I will be left here on my own!
Crosshair!
Hunter, do you copy?
Tech? Echo? Is anyone there? Wrecker?
Yeah, kid. Are you okay?
Not really.
The room is flooding.
And Crosshair's stuck.
Get the door open, Tech.
All compromised compartments
are sealed to contain the flooding.
I cannot override the protocols from here.
I can.
-Greetings, CT-9904.
-
You survived the aerial bombardment
but are now moments away from drowning.
-Get this off of me!
-
AZI, help!
Go under and use your boosters.
I'll try to break it free.
Come on. Come on.
Come on! We have to get the door open.
Almost got it!
What have you done?
The Empire opened fire on the city.
We weren't gonna leave you behind.
We don't have time for this.
We need to get topside
before this entire structure submerges.
If you want to stay here and die,
that's your call.
Come on, Omega. We have to go!
Hold on to something!
Whoa!
-
Omega! Omega, watch out!
Oh, you are okay.
I believe we have landed
on the ocean floor.
There is no way
to accurately calculate the damage.
-Most of the facility must be--
-
…compromised.
We need to get to a space
that's more secure.
Follow me.
Ironically, our old barracks
is one of the few compartments habitable,
albeit temporarily.
This is our room?
What happened to it?
At least the smell's gone.
Check it out. Our board's still here.
All those missions together
and you threw it away.
We made a choice, and so did you.
Soldiers follow orders.
Blind allegiance makes you a pawn.
A real leader protects his squad.
Look where that's gotten you.
They're all going to die here
because of your failed leadership.
No, we're not. Look.
We landed on the underwater tunnel.
If we use it to reach the base post,
we could get back to the Marauder.
Accessing the tube will be… challenging.
Better than staying here.
We have to try.
She's calling the shots now?
You have a better idea?
My scans indicate the tunnel
is directly below this maintenance deck.
AZI says, with a precise weld
to maintain an airtight seal,
this might work.
What do you mean, "might"?
The tunnel is clear!
We need to go back.
There must be another way.
That would be unwise.
I am afraid this is our best option.
You done complaining?
You know, if it wasn't for you,
we wouldn't be in this mess.
Something on your tiny mind, Wrecker?
All that time,
you didn't even try to come back.
We still would have taken ya.
Let it go, Wrecker.
Crosshair has always been severe
and unyielding.
It is his nature.
You cannot change that.
He cannot change that.
Why are you defending me?
I am not.
Understanding you
does not mean that I agree with you.
AZI, this doesn't look very safe.
Barring any further complications,
this enclosure remains
a viable means of transport.
Let's keep moving.
Uh, I think we got a problem.
AZI, these tunnels are protected, right?
Only when the power is operational,
which it is not.
Run!
Restoring power should deter the creature.
Try to stay alive!
It appears I have caused this structure's
remaining power to short out.
But you have survived the transit.
This outcome is satisfactory.
What is this place?
Nala Se's private lab.
Omega says this is where our mutations
were manipulated and enhanced.
How would she know?
Because she was there.
Omega was created before us.
Technically, she is older than we are.
That's gonna be a problem.
That tunnel was the only way
to the Marauder.
It would seem that, once again,
we are trapped.
AZI, what's wrong?
My battery cells are depleting.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Long-range comms are down,
and our oxygen levels will be critical
in a few hours.
This is what happens
when you let a kid call the shots.
That kid saved your life,
unlike the Empire who left you for dead.
That's your problem, Hunter.
You take things too personally.
They destroyed an entire city.
They did what needed to be done.
Kamino, regs, the Republic…
that time is over.
The Empire will control the entire galaxy,
and I am going to be a part of it.
Hunter, you made the wrong choice.
Don't fool yourself.
All you'll ever be to them is a number.
You never liked it on Kamino, did you?
Go away.
I understand.
I spent most of my life in this lab.
I was alone down here,
until you four were created.
That's why I was determined
to find you all again.
Being a clone
doesn't make you one of them.
I wanted to believe
it was the inhibitor chip
that made you like this…
but I was wrong.
These medical capsules
are our way out of here.
If our mass is evenly distributed,
the buoyancy of these watertight chambers
will bring us to the surface.
Medical capsules have not been tested
for such capabilities.
We won't have directional control.
How do we avoid the debris field
out there?
The droid.
He can do it.
AZI, can you guide us to the surface?
Barring any extraneous complications,
I should be able to complete the task.
Won't that be dangerous?
Your safety and well-being
is my primary mission objective.
I barely fit in this thing!
Quit complaining.
At least you're not doubled up.
How's your charge holding up?
I have accessed my reserve power.
We must hurry.
The explosives are set.
All right. Seal 'em up.
I can't see anything.
-That is a good thing.
You're doing great, AZI.
-
Omega!
Omega?
Omega? What's happening?
I got caught on some debris.
It's okay. AZI's got me.
Don't give up. We're nearly there.
-Your path is clear.
I have completed my objective.
No!
-I'm going after AZI!
- Omega, don't!
I don't see her.
I'm going in.
-I've got ya.
I have a visual on the Marauder.
I suggest we start paddling.
It's…
all gone.
We should leave
before the Empire's scouts show up.
You coming with us?
None of this changes anything.
You offered us a chance, Crosshair.
This is yours.
I made my decision.
We want different things, Crosshair.
That doesn't mean
that we have to be enemies.
What?
Thank you for saving AZI.
Consider us even.
You're still their brother, Crosshair.
You're my brother too.
Mistress Nala Se, welcome.
We are all admirers
of your scientific talents.
The Empire has big things planned for you.